because that's the lion Clicquot once
again
btv cloud chasing I can't dispute that
everyone's meet the mom woulda true you
may know the hot chick mean Josh
McCormick Frank
it's just ropes on everyone get down to
just run some I promise you all about
Jacob Wade Lee I'm just great
oh it's posting teams not dude Mt
but ah you know you got that life
doctor say I got a heart condition I
fuck that I got too much heart when I
heard that shit I swear I saw my whole
world fall apart I lost my mind
x-play truth is I was selfish
and out but I deserved it gotta lose
yourself to find yourself you better not
better sure I get pussy but you know
that one go one is worth the whole
litter
breaking with me
shit when I offered to stay right in
fuck rain is never to ladder
fetchin of a rapper they can love you
now
that's working harder being in New York
for two months and I barely sleeping
fuck it I'm asleep when I'm dead I said
that
everybody
I was on a roll life is precious that
shit ain't no joke for people come
good girls turn the hose off because my
bank account just got a couple extra
yeah I heard that hoodie just won even
that pissed
cuz you know jealousy and be just a
trait for a bitch I never care about
another
four pockets on me and not at business
shit
we just exploited security so fuck
if a light broke up you saying
people say that I watch it if you ain't
me that's crazy I know
I'm gonna jump my mama taught me